well displays Palestinians have been
returning to what is now just Rubble in
eastern Gaza City after Israeli forces
withdrew from the area Mo Al kahut has
more now from
zun we are in the last to reach point in
Al neighborhood after the Israeli Army
withdrew partially from this
neighborhood after spending more than 20
days here this neighborhood is adjacent
to a narim area where the Israeli Army
are stationed and separate the North and
the South of Gaza Strip as you can
clearly see in the picture this is the
level of Destruction here in this area
in terms of homes vital infrastructure
and um the properties of
civilians we can also smell the gun
Bower clearly here in this area which is
an indication to the intensification of
fuse of the missiles and the explosives
here we came from Angel's school where
every single thing has been destroyed we
left under Fire and missiles thank God
we're still alive everything there has
been
destroyed we don't know what to do
there's massive destruction everywhere
the area was wiped out I can't
understand the behavior of the Israeli
forces residents who used to live in
this neighborhood are returning to their
homes but they still have concern
about the going back as there is a
strong presence of quad capts and
fighter jets in this area which are
flying at low levels in addition to the
hit and run operations that might happen
in this area as we are adjacent to Nim
area and uh we are close to where the
Israeli Army are stationed with drawing
from this place doesn't mean it is a
safe place but the Israelis might te
attack anything
Mobile on the ground as they did in too
many different
places AL jaaz east of Gaza City
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer